libbasicflakes 14 calligra-libs
libcalligradb 14 calligra-libs
libcalligrakdchart 14 calligra-libs
libflake 14 calligra-libs
libkformula 14 calligra-libs
libkokross 14 calligra-libs
libkomain 14 calligra-libs
libkomsooxml 14 calligra-libs
libkoodf 14 calligra-libs
libkoodf2 14 calligra-libs
libkoodfreader 14 calligra-libs
libkopageapp 14 calligra-libs
libkoplugin 14 calligra-libs
libkoproperty 14 calligra-libs
libkordf 14 calligra-libs
libkoreport 14 calligra-libs
libkotext 14 calligra-libs
libkotextlayout 14 calligra-libs
libkovectorimage 14 calligra-libs
libkowidgets 14 calligra-libs
libkowidgetutils 14 calligra-libs
libkundo2 14 calligra-libs
libpigmentcms 14 calligra-libs
