libjavasci2 5 scilab-full-bin
libsciaction_binding 5 scilab-full-bin
libscicommons 5 scilab-full-bin
libsciconsole 5 scilab-full-bin
libsciexternal_objects_java 5 scilab-full-bin
libscigraphic_export 5 scilab-full-bin
libscigraphic_objects 5 scilab-full-bin
libscigraphics 5 scilab-full-bin
libscigui 5 scilab-full-bin
libscihelptools 5 scilab-full-bin
libscihistory_browser 5 scilab-full-bin
libscijvm 5 scilab-full-bin
libscilab 0 scilab-full-bin
libscipreferences 5 scilab-full-bin
libscirenderer 5 scilab-full-bin
libsciscicos-cli 5 scilab-full-bin
libsciscicos 5 scilab-full-bin
libsciscicos_blocks-cli 5 scilab-full-bin
libsciscicos_blocks 5 scilab-full-bin
libsciscinotes 5 scilab-full-bin
libscitypes 5 scilab-full-bin
libsciui_data 5 scilab-full-bin
libscixcos 5 scilab-full-bin
