libactivities-0.1 0 fw4spl
libappXml-0.2 0 fw4spl
libctrlCamp-0.1 0 fw4spl
libctrlMemory-0.1 0 fw4spl
libctrlSelection-0.1 0 fw4spl
libdataReg-0.1 0 fw4spl
libfilterVRRender-0.1 0 fw4spl
libgui-0.1 0 fw4spl
libguiQt-0.1 0 fw4spl
libioAtoms-0.1 0 fw4spl
libioData-0.1 0 fw4spl
libioDicom-0.1 0 fw4spl
libioGdcm-0.1 0 fw4spl
libioITK-0.1 0 fw4spl
libioPacs-0.1 0 fw4spl
libioVTK-0.1 0 fw4spl
libioVtkGdcm-0.1 0 fw4spl
libfwActivities 0 fw4spl
libfwAtomConversion 0 fw4spl
libfwAtoms 0 fw4spl
libfwAtomsBoostIO 0 fw4spl
libfwAtomsFilter 0 fw4spl
libfwAtomsPatch 0 fw4spl
libfwCamp 0 fw4spl
libfwCom 0 fw4spl
libfwCore 0 fw4spl
libfwData 0 fw4spl
libfwDataCamp 0 fw4spl
libfwDataIO 0 fw4spl
libfwDataTools 0 fw4spl
libfwDcmtkTools 0 fw4spl
libfwDicomIOFilter 0 fw4spl
libfwDicomIOFilterQt 0 fw4spl
libfwDicomTools 0 fw4spl
libfwGdcmIO 0 fw4spl
libfwGui 0 fw4spl
libfwGuiQt 0 fw4spl
libfwIO 0 fw4spl
libfwItkIO 0 fw4spl
libfwJobs 0 fw4spl
libfwLog 0 fw4spl
libfwMDSemanticPatch 0 fw4spl
libfwMath 0 fw4spl
libfwMedData 0 fw4spl
libfwMedDataCamp 0 fw4spl
libfwMedDataTools 0 fw4spl
libfwMemory 0 fw4spl
libfwPacsIO 0 fw4spl
libfwPreferences 0 fw4spl
libfwRender 0 fw4spl
libfwRenderQt 0 fw4spl
libfwRenderVTK 0 fw4spl
libfwRuntime 0 fw4spl
libfwServices 0 fw4spl
libfwStructuralPatch 0 fw4spl
libfwThread 0 fw4spl
libfwTools 0 fw4spl
libfwVtkIO 0 fw4spl
libfwZip 0 fw4spl
libvtkGdcmIO 0 fw4spl
libmemory-0.1 0 fw4spl
libpatchMedicalData-0.1 0 fw4spl
libpreferences-0.1 0 fw4spl
libscene2D-0.1 0 fw4spl
libservicesReg-0.1 0 fw4spl
libuiGenericQt-0.1 0 fw4spl
libuiIO-0.1 0 fw4spl
libuiImageQt-0.1 0 fw4spl
libuiMeasurement-0.1 0 fw4spl
libuiMeasurementQt-0.1 0 fw4spl
libuiMedDataQt-0.1 0 fw4spl
libuiReconstructionQt-0.1 0 fw4spl
libuiTF-0.1 0 fw4spl
libuiVisu-0.1 0 fw4spl
libuiVisuQt-0.1 0 fw4spl
libvisuVTK-0.1 0 fw4spl
libvisuVTKAdaptor-0.1 0 fw4spl
libvisuVTKQt-0.1 0 fw4spl
libvisuVTKVRAdaptor-0.1 0 fw4spl
