libactivities_0-1 0 fw4spl
libappXml2_0-1 0 fw4spl
libctrlMemory_0-1 0 fw4spl
libctrlSelection_0-1 0 fw4spl
libdataReg_0-1 0 fw4spl
libfilterVRRender_0-1 0 fw4spl
libguiQt_0-1 0 fw4spl
libgui_0-1 0 fw4spl
libioAtoms_0-1 0 fw4spl
libioData_0-1 0 fw4spl
libioDicom_0-1 0 fw4spl
libioGdcm_0-1 0 fw4spl
libioITK_0-1 0 fw4spl
libioPacs_0-1 0 fw4spl
libioVTK_0-1 0 fw4spl
libioVtkGdcm_0-1 0 fw4spl
libio_0-1 0 fw4spl
libmemory_0-1 0 fw4spl
libpatchMedicalData_0-1 0 fw4spl
libpreferences_0-1 0 fw4spl
libscene2D_0-1 0 fw4spl
libservicesReg_0-1 0 fw4spl
libuiGenericQt_0-1 0 fw4spl
libuiIO_0-1 0 fw4spl
libuiImageQt_0-1 0 fw4spl
libuiMeasurementQt_0-1 0 fw4spl
libuiMeasurement_0-1 0 fw4spl
libuiMedDataQt_0-1 0 fw4spl
libuiReconstructionQt_0-1 0 fw4spl
libuiTF_0-1 0 fw4spl
libuiVisuQt_0-1 0 fw4spl
libuiVisu_0-1 0 fw4spl
libvisuVTKAdaptor_0-1 0 fw4spl
libvisuVTKQt_0-1 0 fw4spl
libvisuVTKVRAdaptor_0-1 0 fw4spl
libvisuVTK_0-1 0 fw4spl
libfwActivities 0 fw4spl
libfwAtomConversion 0 fw4spl
libfwAtoms 0 fw4spl
libfwAtomsBoostIO 0 fw4spl
libfwAtomsFilter 0 fw4spl
libfwAtomsPatch 0 fw4spl
libfwCamp 0 fw4spl
libfwCom 0 fw4spl
libfwCore 0 fw4spl
libfwData 0 fw4spl
libfwDataCamp 0 fw4spl
libfwDataIO 0 fw4spl
libfwDataTools 0 fw4spl
libfwDcmtkTools 0 fw4spl
libfwDicomIOFilter 0 fw4spl
libfwDicomIOFilterQt 0 fw4spl
libfwDicomTools 0 fw4spl
libfwGdcmIO 0 fw4spl
libfwGui 0 fw4spl
libfwGuiQt 0 fw4spl
libfwItkIO 0 fw4spl
libfwJobs 0 fw4spl
libfwLog 0 fw4spl
libfwMDSemanticPatch 0 fw4spl
libfwMath 0 fw4spl
libfwMedData 0 fw4spl
libfwMedDataCamp 0 fw4spl
libfwMedDataTools 0 fw4spl
libfwMemory 0 fw4spl
libfwPacsIO 0 fw4spl
libfwPreferences 0 fw4spl
libfwRender 0 fw4spl
libfwRenderVTK 0 fw4spl
libfwRuntime 0 fw4spl
libfwServices 0 fw4spl
libfwStructuralPatch 0 fw4spl
libfwThread 0 fw4spl
libfwTools 0 fw4spl
libfwVtkIO 0 fw4spl
libfwZip 0 fw4spl
libvtkGdcmIO 0 fw4spl
