libkritabasicflakes 17 krita
libkritacolor 17 krita
libkritacolord 17 krita
libkritacommand 17 krita
libkritaflake 17 krita
libkritaglobal 17 krita
libkritaimage 17 krita
libkritaimpex 17 krita
libkritalibbrush 17 krita
libkritalibkis 17 krita
libkritalibkra 17 krita
libkritalibpaintop 17 krita
libkritaodf 17 krita
libkritapigment 17 krita
libkritaplugin 17 krita
libkritapsd 17 krita
libkritaqml 17 krita
libkritastore 17 krita
libkritatext 17 krita
libkritatextlayout 17 krita
libkritaui 17 krita
libkritavectorimage 17 krita
libkritaversion 17 krita
libkritawidgets 17 krita
libkritawidgetutils 17 krita
