libjavasci2 6 scilab-full-bin
libsciaction_binding 6 scilab-full-bin
libscicommons 6 scilab-full-bin
libsciconsole 6 scilab-full-bin
libsciexternal_objects_java 6 scilab-full-bin
libscigraphic_export 6 scilab-full-bin
libscigraphic_objects 6 scilab-full-bin
libscigraphics 6 scilab-full-bin
libscigui 6 scilab-full-bin
libscihelptools 6 scilab-full-bin
libscihistory_browser 6 scilab-full-bin
libscijvm 6 scilab-full-bin
libscilab 6 scilab-full-bin
libscipreferences 6 scilab-full-bin
libscirenderer 6 scilab-full-bin
libsciscicos-cli 6 scilab-full-bin
libsciscicos 6 scilab-full-bin
libsciscicos_blocks-cli 6 scilab-full-bin
libsciscicos_blocks 6 scilab-full-bin
libsciscinotes 6 scilab-full-bin
libscitypes-java 6 scilab-full-bin
libsciui_data 6 scilab-full-bin
libscixcos 6 scilab-full-bin
